README.md, before:

# Neutrino Elements

Neutrino + Elements

## Description

neutrino-elements uses Compact Block Filter (BIP158) to implement a light client for [elements](https://elementsproject.org/)-based networks.

![architecture diagram](diagram.png)

Two services are provided, they can work independantly:
- `PeersPool` maintains a set of peers in order to keep an up-to-date state of the blockchain. It uses the `Peer` interface to fetch two types of data: block headers and compact filters. Then these data are stored using [repositories](https://deviq.com/design-patterns/repository-pattern).
- `UtxoScanner` uses filters and headers repositories to handle `ScanRequest` which aims to know if an outpoint (identified by its script) is spent or not. 

## Getting Started

TODO

## License

MIT - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

* [Neutrino - Light bitcoin client](https://github.com/lightninglabs/neutrino)
* [Compact Block Filters for Light Clients - BIP158](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0158.mediawiki)

Commit message:

First implementation of services (#2)
* sync with inv + block msg

* handle headers and getheaders message

* recursive sync of block headers

* handle compact filters

* create the Peer interface

* cleaning

* add make test + fix tests

* start as cli

* add skipMessage method

* update README

* Expose a NodeService in node pkg

* ScannerService implementation

* update README

* extract data from block if filter match

* nodeService: handle getcfilters message

* remove bin

* add .gitignore

* handle not found errors in scanner

* add tests for request options

* hardcode genesis block headers

* remove scripts/

* rework filter repository

* add context to header repository

* remove error returns by scannerSVC Stop() and Watch()

* FilterKey String() method

README.md, after:

# Neutrino Elements

Neutrino + Elements

## Description

neutrino-elements uses Compact Block Filter (BIP0158) to implement a light client for [elements](https://elementsproject.org/)-based networks.

Two services are provided, they can work independantly:
- `NodeService` is a full node maintaining an up-to-date state of the block headers + compact filters. The NodeService writes down headers and filters in repositories.
- `ScannerService` uses filters and headers repositories to handle `ScanRequest` which aims to know if an outpoint (identified by its script) is spent or not. 

## Getting Started

### Build

```
make build
```

### Unit tests

```
make test
```

### Format

```
make fmt
```

## License

MIT - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

* [Neutrino - Light bitcoin client](https://github.com/lightninglabs/neutrino)
* [Compact Block Filters for Light Clients - BIP158](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0158.mediawiki)
* [tinybit](https://github.com/Jeiwan/tinybit)
